Better explanation why futures need to be pinned (#1687)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/async/pitfalls/pin.md

# `Pin`

All async blocks and async functions return types implementing the `Future`
trait. When the async code awaits another future, the `Future` trait holds the

> local variables that would normally be located on the stack.

Reviewer: I don't think this should be linked to await specifically. My understanding is that the async function body is _compiled_ to a struct which `impl Future`. What was local variables in the function body become struct fields.

So what you see as a local variable in the code is never actually a variable in the code after the compiler transformation. Thus, I would not say that this happens when you call `await` since it happened already in the immediate desugaring.

An example of this desugaring can be seen in [Async fn as a Future](https://tokio.rs/tokio/tutorial/async#async-fn-as-a-future). The `State0`, `State1`, and `Terminated` enum variants correspond to different parts of the now-gone async function body. The variants hold the local variables that are alive in the different parts of the body.

> All async blocks and async functions return types implementing the `Future`
> trait. When the async code awaits another future, the `Future` trait holds the
> local variables that would normally be located on the stack.

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be a more direct way of saying what I suggested above:

```suggestion
Async blocks and functions return types implementing the `Future` trait.
The type returned is the result of a compiler transformation which turns
local variables into data stored in an enum.
```
